# Project-MECC
FSA-Cybersecurity Bootcamp Project (vulnerable website)

The goal of this project is to create/replicate a (local) vulnerable website to test malicious activity, verify that malicious activty, and create mitigation strategies to improve 
the security posture of this website.

The idea of this project is to take a purple team approach by utilizing techniques for both Red Team (pen testing) and Blue Team (analysis and response).
The purpose of this project is to demonstrate the criticality in cybersecurity measures for protecting a companies assets and to expose weaknesses in web applications.
The goal for this project is to show an indepth understanding of web penetration testing and defensive analysis through the use of metasploit and system logs.

Our approach to this project is to create a honey pot simulation on a local network by creating a fake, vulnerable web application. Once that application is up and running on a local, virtual system
we will then create some malicious payloads using metasploit that can be utilized on this web application. Once the malicious payloads have been introduced to the web application, we will use logs
to try to indentify the types of attacks used, and what mitigation strategies need to be made to protect this site from future attacks.

All code will be compiled here and broken down into trees.

Code created for the web application will be under the local host name of MECC.
Scripts created for the malicious payloads will be under Metasploit.
Scripts created for log analysis will be under Defensive Measures.
Mitigation strategies will be presented under Final review.

The hope for this project is to demonstrate how large the threat landscape in the environment is today and how important cybersecurity measures and posture is for individuals and companies.
We hope that this project can be replicated for individuals looking to learn more about cybersecurity and utilize this web application scenario to practice your own skills.
